Life is like an onion, you peel off one layer at a time and sometimes you weep.
Life is just a phase you're going through... You'll get over it.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
Life is like a speeding meteor that looks beautiful across the dark skies until it suddenly falls on you.
Be cautioned of the facts of life.
A life being dreamed is wonderful, but to experience it, there are few things things as horrible.
I wish you well in life..! Live, laugh, love, cry, drink, eat, burp and fart.
42
Try and be nice to people. Avoid eating fat. Read a good book every now and then, get some walking in and try to live together in peace and harmony with people of all creeds and nations.
I can't answer that right now, but give me some very long time to write a play in which nothing happens.
Life: a principle or force that is considered to underlie the distinctive quality of animate beings. I guess that includes me.
Life: The condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter, including the capacity for growth, reproduction, functional activity, and continual change, preceeding death.
To think about questions like this.
I don't know. But I think there's an app for that.
All evidence to date suggests it's chocolate.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
Life is not always fair. Sometimes you get a splinter even sliding down a rainbow.
I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it.
Life is a foreign language:  all men mispronounce it.
In spite of the cost of living, it's still popular.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
Life is the hyphen between matter and spirit.
You fall out of your mother's womb, you crawl across open country under fire, and drop into your grave.
As we struggle to make sense of things, life looks on in repose.
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it.
Life is like a blanket too short.  You pull it up and your toes rebel, you yank it down and shivers meander about your shoulder; but cheerful folks manage to draw their knees up and pass a very comfortable night.
Life is a whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.
I have a simple philosophy:  Fill what's empty.  Empty what's full.  Scratch where it itches.
Life is like a coin.  You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once.
We are born wet, naked, and hungry.  Then things get worse.
Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up.
Life is a cement trampoline.
Life... is like a box of chocolates - a cheap, thoughtless, perfunctory gift that no one ever asks for, unreturnable because all you get back is another box of chocolates.  So, you're stuck with mostly undefinable whipped mint crap, mindlessly wolfed down when there's nothing else to eat while you're watching the game.  Sure, once is a while you get a peanut butter cup or an English toffee but it's gone too fast and the taste is fleeting.  In the end, you are left with nothing but broken bits filled with hardened jelly and teeth-shattering nuts, which, if you are desperate enough to eat, leaves nothing but an empty box of useless brown paper.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. 
The great business of life is to be, to do, to do without, and to depart.
My formula for living is quite simple.  I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night.  In between, I occupy myself as best I can.
To live remains an art which everyone must learn, and which no one can teach.
Living involves tearing up one rough draft after another.
Living is like licking honey off a thorn.
Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told:  "I am with you kid. Let's go."
Life has meaning only if one barters it day by day for something other than itself.
Why torture yourself when life'll do it for you?
Puritans will never believe it, but life is full of disagreeable things that aren't even good for you.
Life: It is about the gift not the package it comes in.
Life is the game that must be played.
There is no wealth but life.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Life will always remain a gamble, with prizes sometimes for the imprudent, and blanks so often to the wise.
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
Life is not a final.  It's daily pop quizzes.
I have measured out life with coffee spoons.